Assignment 7 Instructions
*You may work in teams of up to 3 people. Each person needs to submit his own copy of the
solutions. At the top of your work include a header that lists all persons on the team.
For this assignment you are going to redo the guessing game you did in Assignment 2 but
better! By way of reminder, here were the instructions for assignment 2:


Assignment 2
Write a game where the computer picks a random number between 1 and 100 (inclusive). It
then prompts the user to guess the number according to the following rules:
    • If the user guesses too low, it prompts the user to guess higher.
    • If the user guesses too high, it prompts the user to guess lower.
    • If the user guesses correctly, it prints “You win, the number is x” (where x is the random
    number chosen by the computer).
    • If the user enters something that is not an integer or is not in the range of [1-100], it prints
    “x is not a valid guess” (where x is whatever the user entered).
    • The game does not end until the user guesses the correct number.
End of Assignment 2


Better? How am I supposed to make it better? I’m glad you asked!
Rules:
    1. You must create a folder to contain all of your files.
    2. You must create an HTML document inside of that folder.
    3. You must include jQuery in your HTML document with a script tag.
    4. You must include a separate second script tag for your own code.
    5. Make sure that your random function correctly generates a number between 1 (inclusive) to
    100 (inclusive). Don’t include zero! This is a pet peeve of mine! Pay attention to the bounds!
    6. You cannot use alert or prompt! If you use these you will lose a lot of points! Don’t do it!!!!
    7. Instead of using prompt, you will place a single text box on the HTML page where the user
    can enter their guess. Don’t use JavaScript for this part — just put the text box in the HTML.
    8. Instead of using alert, you will use jQuery to append elements (such as a div or a p) to
    the page so that it looks like a conversation between the computer and the user. Each new
    element must be placed below the previous one. See the screenshot below: